feat: add gomplate documentation (#99)
flanksource/docs: gomplate.md

## `base64.Encode`

Encode data as a Base64 string. Specifically, this uses the standard Base64 encoding as defined in [RFC4648 &sect;4](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4648#section-4) (and _not_ the URL-safe encoding).

Usage

```go
base64.Encode input
```
```go
input | base64.Encode
```

Arguments

| name | description |
|------|-------------|
| `input` | _(required)_ The data to encode. Can be a string, a byte array, or a buffer. Other types will be converted to strings first. |

Examples

> ```console
> $ gomplate -i '{{ base64.Encode "hello world" }}'
> aGVsbG8gd29ybGQ=
> ```
> ```console
> $ gomplate -i '{{ "hello world" | base64.Encode }}'
> aGVsbG8gd29ybGQ=
> ```

Reviewer: The examples should not be using the gomplate command line

```suggestion
```console
{{ base64.Encode "hello world" }} # GVsbG8gd29ybGQ=
```
```
```

## `base64.Decode`

Decode a Base64 string. This supports both standard ([RFC4648 &sect;4](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4648#section-4)) and URL-safe ([RFC4648 &sect;5](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4648#section-5)) encodings.

This function outputs the data as a string, so it may not be appropriate
for decoding binary data. Use [`base64.DecodeBytes`](#base64.DecodeBytes)

> for binary data.

Reviewer: We should force wrap lines

Usage

```go
base64.Decode input
```
```go
input | base64.Decode
```

Arguments

| name | description |
|------|-------------|
| `input` | _(required)_ The base64 string to decode |

> 

Reviewer: We don't need both usage examples

```
```console
$ gomplate -i '{{ "aGVsbG8gd29ybGQ=" | base64.Decode }}'
hello world
```

## `base64.DecodeBytes`

Decode a Base64 string. This supports both standard ([RFC4648 &sect;4](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4648#section-4)) and URL-safe ([RFC4648 &sect;5](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4648#section-5)) encodings.

This function outputs the data as a byte array, so it's most useful for
outputting binary data that will be processed further.
Use [`base64.Decode`](#base64.Decode) to output a plain string.

Usage

```go
base64.DecodeBytes input
```

Arguments

| name | description |
|------|-------------|
| `input` | _(required)_ The base64 string to decode |

Examples

```console
$ gomplate -i '{{ base64.DecodeBytes "aGVsbG8gd29ybGQ=" }}'
[104 101 108 108 111 32 119 111 114 108 100]
```
```console
$ gomplate -i '{{ "aGVsbG8gd29ybGQ=" | base64.DecodeBytes | conv.ToString }}'
hello world
```
---

These functions help manipulate and query collections of data, like lists (slices, or arrays) and maps (dictionaries).

#### Implementation Note
For the functions that return an array, a Go `[]interface{}` is returned, regardless of whether or not the
input was a different type.

> ## `coll.Dict`
> 
> **Alias:** `dict`
> 
> Dict is a convenience function that creates a map with string keys.
> Provide arguments as key/value pairs. If an odd number of arguments
> is provided, the last is used as the key, and an empty string is
> set as the value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

# Collections
## `dict`

dict is a convenience function that creates a map with string keys.
Provide arguments as key/value pairs. If an odd number of arguments
is provided, the last is used as the key, and an empty string is
set as the value.
```

Create a section header e.g. `Collections` - where there are aliases - just use the alias

hello world
```

## `crypto.DecryptAESBytes` _(experimental)_
**Experimental:** This function is [_experimental_][experimental] and may be enabled with the [`--experimental`][experimental] flag.

[experimental]: ../config/#experimental

Decrypts the given input using the given key. By default,
uses AES-256-CBC, but supports 128- and 192-bit keys as well.

This function outputs the raw byte array, which may be sent as input to
other functions.

This function is suitable for decrypting data that was encrypted by
Helm's `encryptAES` function, when the input is base64-decoded, and when
using 256-bit keys.

Usage

```go
crypto.DecryptAESBytes key [keyBits] input
```
```go
input | crypto.DecryptAESBytes key [keyBits]
```

Arguments

| name | description |
|------|-------------|
| `key` | _(required)_ the key to use for decryption |
| `keyBits` | _(optional)_ the key length to use - defaults to `256` |
| `input` | _(required)_ the input to decrypt |

Examples

```console
$ gomplate -i '{{ base64.Decode "Gp2WG/fKOUsVlhcpr3oqgR+fRUNBcO1eZJ9CW+gDI18=" | crypto.DecryptAES "swordfish" 128 }}'
hello world
```

> ## `crypto.EncryptAES` _(experimental)_

Reviewer: From a crypto perspective only add the MD5, SHA1, SHA256 functions and remove theothers

crypto.SHA1Bytes input
crypto.SHA224Bytes input
crypto.SHA256Bytes input
crypto.SHA384Bytes input
crypto.SHA512Bytes input
crypto.SHA512_224Bytes input
crypto.SHA512_256Bytes input
```

Arguments

| name | description |
|------|-------------|
| `input` | _(required)_ the data to hash - can be binary data or text |

Examples

```console
$ gomplate -i '{{ crypto.SHA256Bytes "foo" | base64.Encode }}'
LCa0a2j/xo/5m0U8HTBBNBNCLXBkg7+g+YpeiGJm564=
```

## `crypto.WPAPSK`

This is really an alias to [`crypto.PBKDF2`](#crypto.PBKDF2) with the
values necessary to convert ASCII passphrases to the WPA pre-shared keys for use with WiFi networks.

This can be used, for example, to help generate a configuration for [wpa_supplicant](http://w1.fi/wpa_supplicant/).

Usage

```go
crypto.WPAPSK ssid password
```

Arguments

| name | description |
|------|-------------|
| `ssid` | _(required)_ the WiFi SSID (network name) - must be less than 32 characters |
| `password` | _(required)_ the password - must be between 8 and 63 characters |

Examples

```console
$ PW=abcd1234 gomplate -i '{{ crypto.WPAPSK "mynet" (getenv "PW") }}'
2c201d66f01237d17d4a7788051191f31706844ac3ffe7547a66c902f2900d34
```

> ## `datasource`

Reviewer: remove the datasource functions, its not needed
